The smell coming from the fridge is revolting. 
 The sight of that moldy bread makes me sick. 
 I can't stand the taste of this medicine. 
 The idea of eating insects disgusts me. 
 Watching that movie scene made me want to vomit. 
 The dirty bathroom was absolutely appalling. 
 This food is so greasy; it's disgusting. 
 That offensive comment left me feeling repulsed. 
 The state of the kitchen is nauseating. 
 The texture of the food makes me cringe. 
 I feel repulsed by his poor hygiene. 
 The slimy substance on the floor is gross. 
 The stench in the alley is unbearable. 
 Seeing that much blood makes me queasy. 
 Her rude behavior is really off-putting. 
 The foul odor of rotten eggs is sickening. 
 I can't look at that gruesome wound. 
 The taste of that drink was atrocious. 
 His cruel actions are repugnant. 
 That pile of garbage is revolting. 
 The maggots in the trash are disgusting. 
 The slimy feel of raw meat is repulsive. 
 The thought of it makes my stomach turn. 
 I'm r
The smell in here is unbearable. 
 I can't believe you did that. 
 This tastes revolting. 
 That was an appalling sight. 
 I'm repulsed by your behavior. 
 This room is filthy. 
 That smell makes me want to vomit. 
 I can't stand to look at it. 
 Your actions are disgusting. 
 This place is a complete mess. 
 The thought of it makes me sick. 
 That noise is so annoying and gross. 
 The food is spoiled and inedible. 
 This is a vile place to be. 
 I feel queasy just thinking about it. 
 How can anyone enjoy this? 
 This is the most disgusting thing I've seen. 
 I find that behavior repugnant. 
 The air here is rancid. 
 The texture of this food is nauseating. 
 I'm horrified by what I've seen. 
 I can't tolerate this filth. 
 The sight of it churns my stomach. 
 That was absolutely revolting to watch. 
 I feel sick to my stomach. 
 Your manners are appalling. 
 That taste is repulsive. 
 The smell makes me want to gag. 
 It's disgusting to even think about it. 
 This room reeks of decay.
That smell is revolting, I can't take it anymore. 
 This food is absolutely disgusting, I feel sick. 
 The sight of that mess makes me want to gag. 
 I'm repulsed by your behavior. 
 I can't believe how filthy this place is. 
 The taste is so bad I want to spit it out. 
 This trash is unbearable, how can you live like this? 
 That is one of the most revolting things I've ever seen. 
 The smell of rotten eggs is nauseating. 
 The sound of that chewing is driving me crazy. 
 Just thinking about it makes my skin crawl. 
 I feel sick just looking at that. 
 The sight of that wound makes me queasy. 
 What you did is absolutely despicable. 
 That odor is making my stomach turn. 
 The level of dirt here is repulsive. 
 This place smells like something died. 
 That is such a nasty habit. 
 I'm absolutely disgusted by your lack of hygiene. 
 This taste is so foul, I can't swallow it. 
 That sight makes me feel ill. 
 I'm horrified by how disgusting this situation is. 
 The smell is unbearable, I need to leave. 
 I can't stand being near that filth. 
 That was the most revolting thing I’ve ever tasted. 
 The mess is appalling, clean it up. 
 The texture of this is so slimy, it's gross. 
 I feel like I'm going to be sick. 
 I'm repulsed by the thought of it. 
 This is beyond disgusting, it's horrific.
That smell is unbearable. 
 I can't believe you touched that. 
 This tastes absolutely awful. 
 How can anyone eat this? 
 I feel sick just looking at it. 
 What is that revolting thing? 
 This place is filthy. 
 I'm horrified by your behavior. 
 This food is revolting. 
 That was absolutely disgusting. 
 I can't stand the sight of it. 
 This is so gross. 
 The stench is overwhelming. 
 I feel nauseous just being here. 
 That noise is unbearable. 
 Your attitude is appalling. 
 That movie was sickening. 
 I can't believe you said that. 
 The thought of it makes me gag. 
 This is utterly repulsive. 
 I don't even want to touch it. 
 That is beyond disgusting. 
 This mess is hideous. 
 Your habits are revolting. 
 This place makes my skin crawl. 
 I can't handle this filth. 
 That's an eyesore. 
 This trash stinks so badly. 
 I'm repulsed by the sight of it. 
 This situation makes me sick.
