Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything! 
 Did you hear about the mathematician who’s afraid of negative numbers? He’ll stop at nothing to avoid them! 
 Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet. 
 Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field! 
 I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised! 
 I'm reading a book on anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down! 
 Why do we never tell secrets on a farm? Because the potatoes have eyes and the corn has ears! 
 What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta! 
 Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded? There was nothing left but de-brie. 
 I told my computer I needed a break, and now it won’t stop sending me Kit-Kats. 
 Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts. 
 Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it. 
 Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems. 
 How do you organize a space party? You planet. 
 Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing! 
 How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together. 
 What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire? Frostbite. 
 Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two-tired. 
 I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy. 
 What do you call a factory that makes good products? A satisfactory. 
 What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved. 
 Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work. 
 Why don’t some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don’t work out. 
 How does a scientist freshen her breath? With experi-mints. 
 I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands. 
 What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot. 
 What's a skeleton’s least favorite room in the house? The living room. 
 What’s brown and sticky? A stick. 
 How do you catch a squirrel? Climb up a tree and act like a nut. 
 I'm terrified of elevators, so I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them.
