That joke was hilarious! 
 I can't stop laughing! 
 You always crack me up! 
 I'm rolling on the floor laughing! 
 That was comedy gold! 
 Your humor is on point! 
 You're such a comedian! 
 My sides are hurting from laughter! 
 That's the funniest thing I've heard all day! 
 I'm in stitches! 
 I laughed so hard I cried! 
 You have the best sense of humor! 
 Your wit is unmatched! 
 That punchline was perfect! 
 I'm giggling like crazy! 
 You never fail to make me laugh! 
 This is too funny! 
 I've got tears of laughter! 
 That was a knee-slapper! 
 You always know how to lighten the mood! 
 I'm chuckling just thinking about it! 
 That's a good one! 
 Your jokes always get me! 
 I can't help but laugh! 
 That story was hysterical! 
 Your humor is infectious! 
 I haven't laughed this hard in ages! 
 You have me in fits of laughter! 
 You're a natural entertainer! 
 That was laugh-out-loud funny!
That's hilarious! 
 I can't stop laughing! 
 You're cracking me up! 
 This joke is too funny! 
 I'm in stitches! 
 That was a good one! 
 You always make me laugh! 
 Tears of joy over here! 
 I haven't laughed this hard in ages! 
 My sides are hurting from laughing! 
 You're a natural comedian! 
 That punchline was perfect! 
 I needed that laugh! 
 You just made my day! 
 That's the funniest thing I've heard! 
 Your humor is infectious! 
 That joke is gold! 
 I can't breathe from laughing! 
 You're too funny! 
 This is comedy gold! 
 You're a hoot! 
 You've got a great sense of humor! 
 This is laugh-out-loud funny! 
 I'm rolling on the floor laughing! 
 I've got to share this joke! 
 You're killing me with humor! 
 My stomach hurts from laughing! 
 I love your jokes! 
 That’s a knee-slapper! 
 Laughter is the best medicine!
He told the funniest joke, and I couldn't stop laughing! 
 Her laugh is so contagious that we all burst into giggles. 
 That was the best prank I've ever seen! 
 I can't believe how silly that cat looks! 
 His dance moves are absolutely hilarious! 
 I laughed so hard I cried! 
 The comedian had the entire audience in stitches! 
 She slipped on a banana peel just like in the cartoons! 
 I never thought I'd see a dog riding a skateboard! 
 His impression of our boss is spot on! 
 This movie is a laugh riot from start to finish. 
 My sides are hurting from laughing so much! 
 Her reaction to the surprise was priceless! 
 We couldn't stop laughing during the entire game. 
 That blooper reel is pure comedy gold! 
 The way he mimics accents is just hilarious. 
 I can't remember the last time I laughed this hard. 
 Every time he tells a story, we crack up. 
 Watching those kids dance made my day! 
 I didn't expect that punchline at all! 
 The look on his face was absolutely priceless! 
 That stand-up show was side-splitting! 
 Their synchronized laugh made it even funnier. 
 She has the best sense of humor ever! 
 They played the best practical joke on me! 
 The comedian's timing was impeccable. 
 I've never seen anyone trip over nothing before! 
 His antics always leave us in fits of laughter. 
 That parody was way too funny! 
 Just thinking about it makes me laugh all over again!
Sure, here are 30 sentences expressing the emotion of laughs:

"The joke was so funny, I couldn't stop laughing!" 
 "Her laugh was contagious, making everyone around her giggle too." 
 "That was the funniest story I've ever heard!" 
 "His attempt to juggle was hilariously bad." 
 "She burst into laughter at the sight of his silly hat." 
 "We were all in stitches by the end of the movie." 
 "He couldn't help but chuckle at his own blunder." 
 "Their pranks always leave me rolling with laughter." 
 "I laughed so hard, I cried." 
 "He had everyone in the room doubled over with laughter." 
 "Her witty comment made everyone laugh out loud." 
 "The comedian's performance was a riot!" 
 "I couldn't stop laughing when I saw the photo." 
 "He has the best sense of humor; he always makes me laugh." 
 "We laughed until our sides hurt." 
 "Her silly dance moves were absolutely hilarious." 
 "The surprise party turned into a laugh fest." 
 "He told a joke that had the whole crowd in fits of laughter." 
 "Her laughter was the highlight of my day." 
 "The kids were laughing uncontrollably at the clown's antics." 
 "It's impossible to stay serious around him." 
 "Her laugh echoed through the room, lifting everyone's spirits." 
 "Every time he tries to cook, it ends up being a laughable disaster." 
 "His puns are so bad, they're good." 
 "The story he told was so funny, I had to catch my breath." 
 "Even the dog seemed to be in on the joke." 
 "Her laugh is like music to my ears." 
 "We couldn't help but laugh at the unexpected twist in the tale." 
 "His goofy grin always makes me chuckle." 
 "Laughing with friends is the best medicine."

I hope these sentences bring a smile to your face!
